==1. Package Summary==

This package implements the necessary for the simulation in Gazebo of the WSG 50 gripper (URDF'S, meshes, controllers and programs).


 * Autor: [http://www.robotnik.eu/ Robotnik Automation]
 * License: BSD
 * Source: svn http://wsg50-ros-pkg.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/wsg_50_simulation
 
==2. Nodes ==

===2.1. wsg_50_sim_driver===

This node is executed automatically in the launch file and provide services that fake the WSG 50 gripper originals.

===2.2. wsg_50_keyboard_teleop===

This node provide the necessary to teleoperate the gripper via keyboard. We can open the fingers pressing *"W"* and we can close them by pressing *"S"*.


==3. Published topics==

 * */wsg_50_gl/state:* Publish the state of the gripper left controller, implemented using a simple *Joint Position Controller* from the package *robot_mechanism_controllers*.
 * */wsg_50_gr/state:* Publish the state of the gripper right.

==4. Services===

 * *wsg_50_sim/move:* Moves fingers to an absolute position [0.0 - 110.0]
 * */wsg_50/move_incrementally:* Service based on the previous that allow to move the gripper with the "robotnik_powerball_pad".
 * *wsg_50_sim/homing:* Moves fingers to home position (minimum opening).
 * */wsg_50/grasp:* Moves fingers to 0.0 (same that home, faked service to allow to use with the "robotnik_powerball_pad".



==5. Startup==

 # *roslaunch wsg_50_simulation wsg_50.launch* to get a complete simulated WSG 50 gripper running in Gazebo.
 # If you want to teleoperate it, run on a separate terminal: *rosrun wsg_50_simulation wsg_50_keyboard_teleop*